Added the ability to remove whitespaces with `join token` (#2651)
cursorless-dev/cursorless: changelog/2024-08-joinTokens.md

---
tags: [enhancement]
pullRequest: 2651
---

> Added the ability to remove whitespaces with join token. `"join two tokens air"` will remove the whitespace between the tokens instead of joining together two lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`join token` now behaves as expected. `"join two tokens air"` will now remove the whitespace between the tokens; previously, it simply joined together the lines containing them, which was usually not expected.
```
